Thank you, everyone. Good morning. Thank you very much everyone for participating. Welcome,
everyone. Thank you.
As you all know, we are offering the empowerment of the Eight Herukas.
Before we begin the ceremony of empowerment and it's part of the lineage teaching.
There's instructions and introductions that go through that.
So we give some introductions and then we perform the ceremony or the empowerment.
So that's what we will do. And again, of course, this empowerment teaching,
this teaching comes from the ordinary. It starts with the Gratitude teacher, Buddha Chakra Muni,
who came 2,200 years ago in his world and he reached the enlightenment at age 35.
And then after enlightenment, he starts showing the will of Dharma
for until age 81 or until he enters Mahabharata in the wellness.
So also all teachings are known as three twinning will of Dharma
and together with it as the twinning will of Dharma of the very inner teachings.
So all those teachings, the very inner teachings are not written the will of Dharma
at that time in the common world.
But he gave the teaching, in most of the teachings, the foundation of the teachings of the Buddhism
.
Buddhism gave and later he gave also Mahayana teaching.
Even in certain Mahayana teaching, he kept the significance
because it reversed the deep meaning of the reality, nature, of the way everything starts.
Both in terms of worldly nature as well as the arising appearance.
Appearance, exactly as is nature. And what does that mean?
It means that entirely because before the teaching, when he gave the teaching,
he gave as a cause and effort, such as well-known teaching, poor, noble, true teaching.
Poor, noble, true teaching can be condensed in a simple way.
It teaches on the cause, condition and the result.
Everything what we see in the world, it has cause
and will produce the result with the conditions.
That's how it goes. Everything what we see in the world.
In the same way in Narayana, everything has cause
and everything will produce the result and meet the particular conditions and cause.
So it's a cause and condition teachings, which externally cause and condition teachings
and the regular teaching of the way things are varied, inwardly teachings on the way known as dh
arma.
Dharma is nothing but teachings on the cause and effect of the way things do.
Again, it has cause, it has effect, reality, nature.
That's what we live with. More of the teaching, those are known as that,
more highlighted teaching of 10 virtuous teachings and 10 non-virtuous teachings.
It would award and attend non-virtuous and activate and attend virtuous activities
and that would bring great good karma or good result.
That good karma means it will bring joy, peace, happiness,
happiness and well-being and better karma means it will bring more sad, suffering, difficulties
and then troubles, misfortunes, all that.
Everything, that is what. And then they don't.
Also, if you continue to pray, it will develop beautiful, natural, river, river teachings.
Again, this is the teachings of what Buddha gives the first teaching.
Second term of the Dharma teaching, it is best with Mahayana teachings.
Mahayana teaching is explaining of the, again, best of the Pandryaka teaching
what Buddha already gave in the Pandryaka teaching.
Mahayana teaching is best on the Pandryaka teaching.
It's not different. It's the same teaching.
But then extended Buddha went more, one deeper level, more deeper.
Buddha explained it. Then all these phenomena existed.
Even though they appeared as solid poems and it's very complex existing,
but reality naturally is hallucination. It's emptiness.
We heard so many times, emptiness. Emptiness.
Because all these objects, every one you see, see,
reality level, they are like bubbles, they are like mirages,
they are like reflection, moon and water.
Those are terminology used by the great teacher to explain how things are.
Reality is all in the, it's just really hallucination and a bubble like that.
Even though in our eyes we see it as solid poems,
even we see it from things to those that perform it.
But that is according to the teaching is because due to the grasping,
clinging, we grasping and clinging, then it becomes solid.
But reality it is really very translucent, soft and mellow state.
To prove that in very great masters, those who have high realization,
that part of realization as it is, they go through walls,
they are sitting in the sky, they perform all activities in the ears.
And as it starts forming the water in the fire, fire in the waters.
This is not what many times we call miracle activities,
but in the teaching making it is not miracle, it's reality where things are.
You can, what we, who did miracles according to the eyes of the Buddha,
we are the magicians.
We are ourselves, duality consumption is a big magicians.
It created all things that is not really exist,
not really lined up with the realities.
It really changed completely.
So in that sense, we are the big magicians.
We met everything in the kind of different sections and chapters, all that.
But reality of nature is flexible, pervasive, completely translucent state.
Those are the early teachings.
So that is like teaching on Mahayana teachings.
Then Mahayana, the teaching goes a deeper level,
where the energy of the mind is known as the body type,
kindly the complete thought of all living beings.
I explained it strongly that in that nature, so Mahayana teaching.
And that is the second turning wheel of the Dharma,
which is known as the Pandya Parama, the teachings mainly,
the teachings on the Pandya Parama.
Also, the Buddha gave the teachings on the sages,
the washers pick mountain or the northern India,
and as well as in other locations, the Buddha gave the teachings.
And then third thing about the Dharma is the Buddha explaining more deeper level.
Now, going to the more deeper level of the everyone's mind,
the nature of the mind.
In the Buddhism, we all know, we all heard some time, this rebirth.
Life has not ended when we die this time.
It will continue.
What will continue at that time?
Our consciousness, our mind, that invisible mind is going to continue.
And what is going to continue?
With all that is that whatever we have been prepared to be collected with this mind,
whatever we can't register with our mind, that will continue.
But the deep, dumb nature of the mind,
the potency of the mind is the enlightenment nature,
enlightenment of Buddha nature.
That's the Buddha nature.
What is that Buddha nature?
It's loving kindness, compassion, wisdom.
That is really the Buddha nature.
Nature.
So Buddha explained all that in the Thattu and the Veda Dharma
that every living being has this nature.
Same nature what Buddha himself has.
No difference in that nature.
That is the Mahayana teaching, Thattu and the Veda Dharma
and all the way to Veda Jana teaching and Doki teaching.
It's the same statement.
Everyone has the same beautiful richness, quality of nature of the mind.
It's just waiting us.
Even in the midst of the samsara wall, when we are all difficult to trouble,
but this enlightenment nature, Buddha nature is guiding us all the time.
What does that mean?
Our love, compassion, wisdom, even we are completely caught with all the ego-cling and self-import
ance,
and the happy dependent, yet it's coming out of that power
and light of the Buddha nature guiding us with love, kindness, compassion.
Everyone appreciates love and compassion.
Everyone.
No one is excluded.
Everyone really appreciates it because that is the nature of everyone.
Everyone is a nature.
And together with that, wisdom, intelligence, smartness, skillfulness,
all that is natural.
So that is, then Buddha gives that teaching in the third turn of the Veda Dharma
and extends it in the Veda Jana teaching.
So today's our teaching, what we are going to go through is the Veda Jana teaching.
Buddha gives the Veda Jana teaching.
This Veda Jana teaching is also known as result Jana teachings.
Those Mahayana teachings, Sutra Mahayana teachings,
and then the Pandigarh teaching, all are known as khozo janas.
I think many of you already know that.
Khozo Jana and the result Jana.
Why is that terminology?
Because it is.
Our goal is to lead the enlightenment, to discover any natures.
In this condition, with the teaching, you kind of prepare to plan the preparation
and to get enlightenment or to get realization.
Text time is coming.
You are working with the cause, you are working with the condition,
trying by the good cause, good condition.
So then we will get the achievement and realization.
So then we get the realization comes later.
So that means you are working with the cause and the condition.
And result Jana is the Veda Jana teaching.
You are working with it.
Immediately you are like actualizing the result, achievement.
That is called result Jana.
What that means?
You are ritualizing, for example, with the energy.
Immediately we visualize ourselves as a Buddha.
Meditation.
We are not ready to become the Buddha.
We become instantly through the power,
and this khozo means we transform ourselves as Buddhas, the ritualization.
When we transform the Buddha, Buddhas, at that time, not just we become the Buddha,
but the environment of all this universal world we are.
It also becomes pureness.
So ourself is a Buddha, and our place where we are, we realize that is pureness.
So that is what really the environment of the Buddhas only enlightens beings.
So immediately we are actualizing that realization, that understanding.
Actualizing, therefore, is known as result Jana.
Immediately you are achieving the final goal of the journey, actualizing immediately that.
And of course that is true.
Still for me, still we have to work continually with courage and commitment
during the devotion and determination to actualize, to stabilize that.
But immediately we actualize that.
That is what is called result Jana.
So Ready Jana is the result Jana teaching.
Teachings, and today what we are going to give this teaching is connected with result Jana teaching
,
which is known as Madhri Jana teaching, Tantal and Tantal teaching.
And within the Ready Jana teaching, there are two groups of the teachings.
I know many of you already know these things.
But in the teaching mission, we should highlight those things.
Even you already knew that.
Because we are remembering of the greatest kindness of these lineage masters.
They continually carried this teaching from 2600 years ago.
And from now, we are today reconnecting that ourself to that teaching.
So therefore, highlight of the way we really belong, where we come, where we reconnect like this.
Yeah, so that's why really in the teaching mission, we shouldn't mention Tantal.
So, what are you doing? And these teachings, in that level and then, so this is the Ready Jana
teaching.
The Ready Jana teaching has two groups.
The Outer Tantra, Inner Tantra is also called.
Outer Tantra, this is three teachings, which is known as Kriya Tantra, Yova Tantra,
and Kriya Tantra, Yova Tantra, and Yova Tantra, two Tantra teachings.
And Inner Tantra, Mahayova, Anoyoga, and Atayoga teachings.
But really, this teaching is known as Inner Tantra teachings.
Today, what we are going to offer is the Empowerment at Haruga teaching.
On the 9th, Haruga teaching is Maha, Inner Tantra teaching.
Inner Tantra has three teachings, Mahayoga, Anoyoga, and Atayoga.
Those are the teachings. Three Inner Tantra teachings.
In the Inunga school with Buddhism, always explaining three lineage teachings.
Mind to mind, transmission lineage, and symbolic transmission lineage, and all of transmission
lineage.
So, these Inner Tantra teachings are transmitted through three lineage, through lineage.
Mind to mind, transmission lineage, and the Dharmakaya Buddha give the teachings to all the display
of the Dharmakaya.
The Dharmakaya rectangles give the teachings of the mind to mind, transmission lineage,
without the world, and without the level of symbols, and expounded teachings.
Completely, ultimately, absolutely, everything that is known as mind to mind, transmission lineage.
All these rectangles, teachers and rectangles are almost really saying nothing big different,
but yet, transmitted the teachings completely, without the world, without any symbolic gestures.
Keep the teaching. That is mind to mind, transmission lineage in the pure land of Akanishtas.
Akanishta is the source of the world which is beyond the conception, land which is beyond the
conception.
Or pure land that which is beyond the conception.
And that pure land Dharmakaya Buddha gives to all the rectangles which is inseparable from his or
her own what's the display.
And then, second to any way of Dharmakaya is known as Sambhoka.
Sambhoka is also the way that happened in the pure land of Akanishtas, and as well as then with the
Sambhokaya Buddha.
They experimented again with all the five dhyana Buddhas.
And the Sambhokaya Buddha, such as the Buddha Vaidyadara, all the Vaidyas.
And the Sattva responded with the entire teaching through the sign, symbols.
Symbols, gestures, all just the Buddha smiled, all just the Buddha did come emanating some light,
beautiful light.
And that moment they received the entirety.
Because those retinas are also highly enlightened, enlightened, enlightened states.
Therefore they don't have to go through the details, this and that.
The moment they are, when they are all in that part of the state, they are dancing, they are
cheating,
just spontaneously, just through sign and symbols and gestures, everything.
And that is really known as symbolic transmission lineage.
And then, other transmission lineage is from the Buddha, such as the Buddha Vaidyadvani, all the V
aidyas dharas, dharas, all Vaidyas dharas.
And as in the teaching method that is, the Buddha Shatyamuni came to Thod in 600 years, as he said,
he gave the Vaidyana teaching in higher levels.
Higher level in the different realms, different name, not really expounded Vaidyana teaching in
this human world.
But just before entering the Buddha Mahabharata in Nirvana, many great masters and bodhisattvas
said,
"Buddha, you did not give the teachings of the Vaidyana teaching.
You give more causal teachings and the Mahayana teaching, but you did not give the Vaidyana
teachings."
And some of those said that. And Buddha said, "And I get those teachings in the different pure
lands already there,
but when the time comes, time is ready, this teaching will appear soon in this world."
That's what Buddha said, said, and before he entered Mahabharata in Nirvana.
So I called the lineage teaching his story, and 23 years after Buddha Mahabharata in Nirvana,
then in the southern India, or there is called the Middle Right Mountains.
Middle Right Mountains, the poor, excellent Vaidyas dharas, highly realized beings, appeared in
that mountains.
Come together, come together, and they saw, "A great teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni,
his legal home is entered in Mahabharata, but in Nirvana, now there is no really become light.
Light exists there. The whole three universe or the world is become dark. Who will be spared these
darknesses?"
And they said those walls, 27 different colors.
No, I think maybe I missed out, sorry. 27 years after Buddha Mahabharata in Nirvana,
they came, and then there were 23 statements.
Statements, and those yearning statements, and that moment, Vaidyabhani appeared in the sky,
and gave them the entire Inattentar teachings.
Inattentar teachings, particularly Vaidyayoga teachings.
Inattentar teachings mean Mahayoga, Anoyoga, and Adiyoga teachings.
So they were only given the teachings.
But really, among them, among the five Vaidyas dharas,
or excellent Vaidyas dharas, there is called the Vaidyas dharas of the cannibals.
It's not cannibals, cannibals, but it's just a kind, used name as cannibals.
Simple Lord Vithabhani in the debate.
A very powerful, skillful man of the master, Lord Vithabhani.
Vithabhani, he wrote all the teachings in the Laput Ladi paper with gold ink,
and hidden to the sky with about seven powers.
Seven powers of the hidden realization, hidden to discover these teachings.
And that moment then, he predicted that it will be discovered,
and what happened soon, this teaching will be discovered.
As he predicted, as mentioned, and that happened about the root of the cleanser,
which is Eastern Tibet, so not Eastern Tibet, to be the Eastern Indian.
India, sahora, sahora.
So then this king Jha, see, on the roof, all the Mahayoga teachings appeared,
or came or descended, and the teachings there.
And then he practiced and meditated, particularly practiced,
he saw among them, Mahayoga, Tantra, Tantra, he saw,
so there is called Vaidyas dharas, particularly to practice on Vaidyas dharas.
He practiced on the Vaidyas dharas practices, and then he received.
He saw Vaidyas dharas in the face-to-face, and he received the entire teaching,
and that's how, then, these Vaidyas dharas teachings,
how he descended to the human world, human world,
human world, as like oral class missionary, from the patrician to the student,
as oral class missionary.
So that is really about the explaining of how these teachings appeared
come to this world, Vaidyana teachings.
And then sewn up, all the other Vaidyana teachings,
such as Kariya Tantra, Yova Tantra, Upa Tantra, those are three outer tantras,
and as well as, then all the other Yova teachings, the other Yova teachings,
all those really came one after another, appeared in the world,
and not just so big group level level,
but very selected small group level that appeared to this world.
So that is really how this, how the teaching came to this world.
And now this particular Mahayoga teaching has two group teachings.
That is known as the Tantra aspect of the Mahayoga teaching,
and the practice aspect of Mahayoga teachings.
Tantra aspect of the Mahayoga teaching is about the hidden Mahayoga Tantras
and the root of the Mahayoga Tantra, as well as all inner Tantra,
such as Anu Yova Tantra and Adi Yova Tantra,
open shade, shade, the Shingohyangarpa teaching,
which is translated like, you know, in India.
It is very well known, well known teaching, very famous teaching,
that is Bhagavat and the root of all Mahayoga teachings,
not just only the Mahayoga teachings, but Anu Yova, Adi Yova teachings.
Because in the teachings said, Mahayoga is a foundation of the teaching,
Anu Yova is a part of the teaching, and Adi Yova is a result of the teaching.
So all the Anu Yova and Adi Yova teachings are really only based on the Mahayoga teachings.
So that's how it is.
And now, this Mahayoga teaching, as I said, there are two groups.
The Tantra section of the teaching and the practice aspect of the teaching,
Dhruvdi, in the way called Dhruvdi and Dhruvdi.
Dhruvdi means Tantra section, teachings.
And that is Mahayoga teaching of the old Tantra section of the Mahayoga,
including Prima Bhagavat teachings.
And the second one is the practice aspect of the Mahayoga teachings.
So, both are now transmitted by the order transmission lineage.
Order transmission lineage generally is always in the teaching mechanism.
It contains all three linings.
It contains the blessing of the mind-to-mind transmission lineage,
it contains also symbolic transmission lineage,
and then of course order transmission lineage.
Order transmission lineage from the master to the teacher as teacher,
to the next student lineage, or from the practitioner to the practitioner,
and receive the teaching with joy and devotion, determination, courage, commitment,
and preservation of the teaching.
And that means, what means preservation means?
Keep that practice in heart.
Analyze that realization and share that with others
when this time comes already or qualified teaching.
That is called preservation of teaching.
You're keeping up the three sides.
The academic of the scriptural lineage aspect,
and as well as practice realization aspect of lineage.
Both are the lineage.
Both are so, both are like eyes, like eyes, like two eyes,
are so equally important to preservation.
So, these are two linings that are preserved.
And now, this particularly, the standard aspect of teaching is continually,
there's a long lineage history to continue until now.
I mean, all those great masters, these who came to debate and continue now,
that is the standard aspect.
The practice lineage aspect of this MÄyaua teaching is,
then came, came, this is slightly different.
And that is in the teaching series,
that practice aspect of lineage teaching is,
from the Buddha Vedya kundu zambo, or kundu zambo,
or the Vedya sattva, transmitted to the,
what's the rakini known as, 'lady one'.
The action, action, lady, or lady one.
And she evened this entirely, that teaching,
teaching in the channel ground, known as the server subject,
or core group, core group, group D-R-O-V-E,
I think, core group, group channel ground,
which is this modern times, or according to put,
one of them somebody's life will liberate your life story,
also indicating that's not so part of the Buddha Gaya.
So it's about five kilo meters, or six kilo meters from the northeast,
I think, it's Buddha Gaya, I think, northeast.
It's, I don't know exactly how, I think,
but that direction, there is that really modern time identifying that.
Today is a well-known kind of holy place.
It was in India, you see, and many times, many playgrounds went there,
and when I was also in the '60s,
I had opportunity with my Ganesha teacher, Kaki Patheshara Numbuchi,
and my father, we all went there to do the playground.
Even we stayed, today they like to spend one night,
night in the morning, we stayed.
People said, "Oh, it's not good, it's dangerous to stay there."
One night, but then, many folks, we heard, "Stay there, too."
So then we stayed there, too.
One night, I'm there.
Father Numbuchi decided to stay there, so we stayed there, right?
And we went there.
So that day, I didn't find that place as a cold group channel ground places,
and which is a very strange place.
In that place, that lady one more hidden,
there's called Choni Debzitpa,
and Stupa known as Debzitpa Stupa, and she did it.
And that's my time.
Around that time, eight great masters come together.
We don't simultaneously, we don't kind of organize,
simultaneously come together and meditate.
Those eight great masters, they had great vidadharas of the head hirukas,
and such as, and the names of those eight vidadharas are both is khunkara,
or, I mean, it's just a number, but it's not some person second order.
They're all same realizations, all.
I'm in my vidadharas.
The khunkara, and the medhichirimitara, and nagarjuna and garbha,
and parbha hasta, and as well as rhombu and guhi,
rhombu and guhi, dana santeta, and shende garbha.
How many now?
Seven?
Seven.
Shende and garbha, and the vamanmata.
Vamanmata.
So those are the eight vidadharas.
And then together, there is also khunkara merma sambha.
That makes nine vidadharas, nine vidadharas.
So they all meditated there.
In that stupa, this is the first stupa in the teachings.
And during the daytime, it is smokey.
But it's smokey.
And the nighttime is blended.
So then they thought, what is this?
And they saw the tribular of the eight hiruka teachings
within there.
So they asked Rokos to khunkara rakini,
the eight vamanmata.
Vamanmata gave that teaching, and she handed over those teachings.
[INAUDIBLE]
There is a very special locket, locket, which of all the jewels--
locket of all the jewels, locket.
And that, she didn't give immediately.
So that is nine.
There's nine.
And that is, then, garbha merma sambha received.
So that is known as center teaching, or the embodiment teaching,
of all the eight hiruka teachings.
So they received that teaching.
And the teaching says, so each of them received that all teaching,
their practice, their meditate, actualized, their realization.
They become the master of the eight hiruka practices.
That hiruka practice included nine practices, that chinchu.
Chinchu, hiruka practice.
So those are the half.
Chinchu, so the garbha merma sambha gave this what he received,
embodiment teaching, to the eight vedalas.
And from eight vedalas, also garbha merma sambha received,
they had designated teaching to garbha merma sambha.
So that way, the garbha merma sambha is holder of the all at limit,
at head of a chinchu.
So that's how, really explaining how the at head of a chinchu came
to this human world, how they actualized.
And then, when merma merma sambha came to Tibet at century,
at century, and then one of the fourth teachings, his story said,
one of his fourth teachings, he gave the at head of a chinchu.
Not in the palace, palace.
And he gave that chinchu in the Swami chinchu caves.
And also Swami's role of garbha merma sambha gave that.
Swami has three floors.
Swami monaster has three floors.
And the third floor, top floor garbha merma sambha gave that chinchu.
So that means that when Swami is completely built,
and after that garbha merma sambha gave these teachings.
But many sister said he gave that teaching in the cave of the Swami,
Swami on the mountain for nine students.
And who were the nine students?
Those are 25, among the 25 disciples, merma merma sambha,
and that nine students.
And again, those nine students are first, maybe just come,
as it came to some day.
Who was the devoted disciple of merma sambha,
as well as also lineage holder of merma sambha.
And so both is a chinchu from there.
Second is, again, namqueyjungpo.
No, namqueyjungpo.
Namqueyjungpo is all here, namqueyjungpo.
And second is, or third is then garan chowi.
Garan chowi, which has, in here, somewhere has horse head on it.
And he's fully ordained monk too.
Fully ordained monk, one of the first selectest,
testing monks of the Tibetan Buddhism.
He said one of the very first monks of the garan chowi.
And third is, and not third, maybe.
Now the next one is, sanghi yishi.
Sanghi yishi, nubchi sanghi yishi.
And third, and I think that's the fourth.
And the fifth one is yishintoya.
Yishintoya, and the sixth one is roma patihishi.
That is, maybe you don't hear, but it's here.
Roma patihishi.
And next one is lanti pati sankhi.
Lanti pati sankhi.
And the next one is, is vero chana.
Vero chana, I think that's nine, right?
Nine, three, six, eight.
Eight, nine, and now.
Garan chowi, yishintoya.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Oh, nyan yana kumara.
It's true.
Nyan yana kumara.
Next one is yang yana kumara.
So that is nine students of the [INAUDIBLE]
who received those teachings.
They practiced at this time, or the practice of the [INAUDIBLE]
teaching.
And they all actualized as realization.
And they have mastered with their daras.
Nine with their daras of the [INAUDIBLE]
There's eight, nine with their daras of the Indian.
And nine with their daras of the Tibet.
And these are nine with their daras of the Tibet.
So those are the how.
And then teaching is continued.
And when is teaching continued from Tibet?
And then, as I said yesterday, I think many of you know that.
That teaching continues to have two principal channels,
particularly in my teaching.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
are then continued by discovered or hidden
by the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
with many other great masters, teaching just hidden.
And then discovered by then one after another.
That is the earliest one.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Is around 11th century.
And known as [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He was the fourth great [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And he continued until now.
There are so many great [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
came one after another until now.
And almost every of those [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
also had [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
one after another [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So that is really how the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
teaching continued until now through [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
and as well as [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And now, so particularly this [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And this is regularly teaching that which is discovered
by great, again, enlightened beings in the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
and [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
known as [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
whenever you met your own [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He was the very well, one of the renowned great masters
and a prefected by the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
prefected in the eighth century, the upcoming
of the 20th century, century great death
of his region, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
prefected.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He's an exiling time, location, and a place
where we will be born, and what he will do during his--
when he is a guru, how uphold the teaching
of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
some of himself and some of the teachings.
As in the teaching said, he would this--
this emanation will revere the new dharma,
but at the same time, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
of the old dharma.
That means all made a great test of teaching while restreting
and all that teaching.
As the exiling guru [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
his whole [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
did that.
He revere his dharma, his own dharma teaching
that which is designated God from guru [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
those teachings.
And then he also glorified, uplifted,
restrained the lineage of many ancient thetoms.
Thetoms, teachings, both have token.
So this teaching, what we're today going to--
this is the teaching of the--
I'm offering empowerment.
It's teaching-- it is the re-glorified teaching.
Bored all teachings token as one single practices.
So this is the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] teaching.
And the teaching says, this is the teaching is combined
with [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] teaching by nine great thetoms
put token as one teaching, one practice learning.
So this is the ninth thetoms teaching combined token
as this teaching.
And this is one of those ninth thetoms, ninth thetoms.
First one, the eighth thetoms teaching,
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
the first great thetoms known as the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
who came around the same time after [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
came to Tibet.
And the teaching says that maybe even he came before the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
but when [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] came, that time he already
entered Mahapari in the run.
So [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
came really long time ago, I think 11th century.
And his [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
known as king of the thetoms.
He was known as one of the king of thetoms.
And he discovered all adherubati practices
that which he is known as personal [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He had his own book written, and that teaching,
he able to discover.
And the teaching said, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
came, came in a human form, and really white mule.
Mule.
At the horse, horse and donkey combination that mule.
Yeah, mule.
White mule.
And overloaded two luggages with mule,
and handed it to the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And when he discovered, looked at that,
it's the teachings of the entire adherubati.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
That's really very, very long teachings.
So this is-- [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He was also known as emanation of the king of thetoms.
The king of thetoms, of course, extended,
he was great king, ruler.
But inwardly, he got realization.
He really achieved it.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Like king and the Buddhist.
In Buddhism, in many energies, you open king and the Buddhist.
Or in the Shambhala kings.
They are the rulers, but they are rich in life.
They become the Buddha.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And they did all the teachings.
He dedicated his life in the royal, everything
to bring the dharma.
That's when we had the opportunity to practice the dharma.
We had reach of the Buddhism in the Tibetan.
Because his dedication and determination.
[INAUDIBLE]
And as he was there, and his soul,
because soul closed the disciple of the also great master,
Shandaraki too.
He wrote so many books.
Open in the teaching sense, my divine teacher,
teacher known as great bodhisattvas.
Shattvas.
Through his, he learned so many, wrote so many books,
and which are in the--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
All his works.
So scholarly level, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
on a religious level, he was great, he liked beings.
He was the master of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So he was also, he has so keen love to the Tibetan.
And he come in the dharma teaching,
he's asking [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
how this very will be in the future.
And he also said that so many times, how the Buddha teaching
will remain in this world, because he made so much effort,
so much trouble.
Believe me, he danced through so many things.
Open he asks, you read the books of the dharma teaching.
Open.
And you'll remember someone predict open,
or this will happen, this will happen.
Because his kindness and complete thought,
that as he get realization, he has opportunity,
he also eliminated so many great victims.
Those great victims are known as the body emanation
of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the speech emanation of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
is known as [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Another [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the speech, the mind emanation
of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
The [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Who wrote three vowels is translated into English.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And then call it aspect of the emanation of [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Known as [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the activity emanation of [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And as well as the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Of the many others that think the emanation of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So they think welcome and the rule that [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And that is recognized as [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And again, great master, master [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
On his [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Also said that [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
The activity emanation of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the teaching said that all the emanations,
the body, speech, the mind, every emanation
is then the great [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
That came in the 19th century.
Great [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Is the emanation, the combined emanation.
And the whole of all the lineage teachings of the Buddhism.
And then the relief, the crown jewel of all the masters.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Is also known as emanation of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So that was art.
So that is.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Part one is now this [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Second one is [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
That is great [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Second great [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Part great [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Is then [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Northern schools.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
That is also part of his revelation is the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Pray [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Third one.
And then the third one.
And then fourth one is--
Fourth one is [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And which is the emanation of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the fifth one is [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So those are five great [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the next one, the sixth one is then [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the next one is the great [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Maybe I look here.
Sorry.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Fourth one, instead of [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Which is very famous emanation of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And very famous [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And particularly, the very chickens are very popular in the botanical area.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So that is the fourth, so that on the picked group, first group, I said five.
And the next one is then [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And then [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the fourth one is then [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So those are the fourth grade, last grade.
And all that nine together is called ninth grade [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And that teaching, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Combined together by his own [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So this is what really I'm going to offer you the involvement of this.
And this small tab now, we have that.
And this fourth one is recorded by his [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Three disciples of his [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Three disciples.
And then he wrote that there is two versions, larger versions of this teaching,
as well as a small version, condensed version of teaching.
The fourth one is recorded by the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And then as well as his own way to combine together all these technical practices.
Condensed of that teaching, what we are able to always say that oscillate in English,
and that is, is, is, then recorded by his Holiness, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
The great master who came also [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He recorded that teaching.
And then asked to do it.
And as his [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
His own [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Combined that program.
That is how that teaching is.
So that is really now about the teaching of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And then I read this teaching from his own [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Entire, not just me, many, many students,
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
I was also part of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And as well as also I did this involvement teaching
from [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And as a visit, and then I'm offering this teaching.
So that is really about the stories.
Story and then involvement is, of course, in reading.
And the teaching is so important.
And without the involvement in the practice, when you practice this hardness,
it is not going to actualize the realization exactly as you wish.
So therefore, if you would like to do the practice and convince story
and the teaching always mention, you should receive the involvement
in that class mission.
And of course, forget with some instructions on that.
Those are really so important.
Those are really important things.
So now we go the teaching and a little more.
Then there's some preparations to then go over there
and then talk this.
I can worry about the involvement afterwards.
And so now that is really about the history or the meaning
of the teaching of this.
And now we go to the involvement.
And before we die, what you do, we do.